Add depreciated note to README (#92)
github/details-dialog-element: README.md

A modal dialog opened with a &lt;details&gt; button.

> ## DEPRECIATED WARNING
> 
> This web component has been depreciated. There are a number of accessibility concerns with this approach and so we no longer recommend using this component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## DEPRECATION WARNING

This web component has been deprecated. There are a number of accessibility concerns with this approach and so we no longer recommend using this component.
```

I think `deprecated` is more used that `depreciated`?

Author: Thanks @manuelpuyol - I'm not sure why I always want to put `depreciated`, a appreciate the correction 😅
